Document how to set up B2B module and Payment on account (#259)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/magento2/b2b.md

---
id: magento2-b2b
title: Magento2 B2B features
---

<blockquote class="feature--new">
_Since version 2.11.0_
</blockquote>

Front-Commerce supports several Magento2 B2B features:

* Display details of the Company a customer belongs to
* Company users handling (list, create, modify and deactivate company users)

> * _Payment on account_ payment method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [_Payment on account_](/docs/advanced/payments/payment-on-account.html) payment method
```

+    "./node_modules/front-commerce/modules/front-commerce-b2b",
     "./node_modules/front-commerce/theme-chocolatine",
     "./src",
   ],
@@ -13,10 +14,16 @@ module.exports = {
       path: "datasource-elasticsearch/server/modules/magento2-elasticsearch",
     },
     { name: "Magento2", path: "server/modules/magento2" },
+    { name: "Magento2B2B", path: "front-commerce-b2b/server/modules/magento2" },
   ],
   webModules: [
     { name: "FrontCommerce", path: "front-commerce/src/web" },
     { name: "ThemeChocolatine", path: "front-commerce/theme-chocolatine/web" },
+    {
+      name: "FrontCommerceB2B",
+      path: "front-commerce/modules/front-commerce-b2b/web",
+    },
+
     { name: "Skeleton", path: "./src/web" },
   ],
 };
  ```
1. The web module provides a SCSS file that needs to be imported. To do that, you can create an override of `main.scss` containing the following code:
  ```scss
// src/web/theme/main.scss
@import "~front-commerce/theme-chocolatine/web/theme/main";
/*
if you use the default theme as a base theme, you should use:
@import "~front-commerce/src/web/theme/main.scss";
*/
@import "~theme/b2b";
  ```

> And that's it. After having restarted Front-Commerce, the B2B module should be enabled and integrated into your project. If you login as a company user and then go to the user account dashboard, you should be able to access the _Company details_, _Company credit_ and _Company users_ pages.

Reviewer: Let's keep it vague to make it future proof :)
```suggestion
And that's it. After having restarted Front-Commerce, the B2B module should be enabled and integrated into your project. If you login as a company user and then go to the user account dashboard, you should see new B2B specific menu entries (company management, credit history…).
```
